welcome back everyone this is dan I'm
here with level 12 gah blow town and the
clash of clans single-player campaign as
you can see I've got level two troops
that's because my video of me beating
this map with level 1 troops was somehow
deleted so now I'm having to come back
and redo it so I'm going to drop my nine
Giants up in this corner at this first
cannon they're going to start working
their way around asteroid the cannons as
soon as this cannon on the very bottom
starts firing on the Giants I'm going to
put my 15 barbarians down by this cannon
they're getting that way they're going
to break in and kill this cannon a
little bit faster just you know save a
little bit of firing on the Giants it's
probably not really necessary if you
have level 1 troops you know obviously
might help a little taking out that one
cannon a little bit faster also if you
have level 1 troops you might need 10 or
11 Giants just to make sure they're able
to get through all the cannons but
shouldn't have much problem with the map
it's not that difficult as long as you
have Giants
alright guys they're taking out the last
building now that's pretty much going to
wrap up the video one thing I will
mention is that if you do have balloons
unlocked at this point you could have
just putting down one balloon and
destroyed the entire map but if not then
this is the way to go thanks for
watching guys and keep an eye out for my
upcoming videos